HTCONDOR-1850-doc-xfer-plugins-better (#1506)
htcondor/htcondor: docs/users-manual/file-transfer.rst

This capability requires administrative set up, as described in
the :doc:`/admin-manual/setting-up-special-environments` section.

> URL file transfers work is most HTCondor job universe, but not grid, local
> or scheduler.  HTCondor's file transfer mechanism must be enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
URL file transfers work in most HTCondor job universes, but not grid, local
or scheduler.  HTCondor's file transfer mechanism must be enabled.
```
